Thursday
luckily this show
choice
a little bit inside
some bars and stands of his not on
the gas rams
which does not preclude that for a stop at the
dead in abidjan and that reminds me
we
a great boom in now we know
the less that 's the respect
this name
I am
real hive
what you can
poor boy
to guarantee it
and then thin
bombay every day the echoes
the
There you go
arshavin
they are
the good that I
until then I had
lebel
oh la la
finally the success is beautiful
two years
the women
but rue moment unfortunately this
exchange
finally see it
yes, my dear chan
it's not before
salomon olembe
for sure it's his arrival
that his poster cheerfully
I will do everything I see
at this course he teaches me the room
our scale
I am the champion of England
good evening
that sharks eyes
a kid kill me
Alas no
Yes but no
violence
it's a heightened respect ever
wearing a crash without receiving
i know
it's the jackpot
I will always be mesh
it
this
on my character
the weather
masson that's
samba
m
that's it
it's me
in France